this is my 2002 f-150 cargo dump truck I
built this for scrapping and other
things to make life a little easier I'm
going to demonstrate the dumping
mechanism as I approach the components
are the pump will disconnect and
disconnect for the switch that way no
one can actually use it and prevent
children from getting into it the cable
runs inside to a separate battery the
switch and this is the dump assembly in
action
this unit is capable of lifting five
tons but that's way too much for f150
the most I lift with this is 1,400
pounds my average lift is roughly 1,200
and under so I have more than enough
capacity
this is a close-up of the internals like
I said there's the pump the reservoir
cylinder and Susan's Arrangements all
mounting bolts are number eight the
support metal is 3/8 inch angle iron
more than enough to handle the lift
capacity of this frame the rear supports
also 3/8 inch in line the boats once
again are number eight
3/8 inch angle and actual arm components
are stronger than the f-150 frame like I
said it's power up and gravity down
I have used this system for
approximately a gear and it's supported
anywhere from actually over 1,400 pounds
to roughly 1,400 pounds max on the list
so it's very rugged and so far very
reliable so this is the f-150 cargo dump
truck thanks for watching